Symbols have been included!! What do we do about that!?
$5 will get me about 75% the way there to getting the sandwich that I want!
Owing to its brevity and coherence, it has become widely known. The phrase is commonly used for touch-typing practice, testing typewriters and computer keyboards, displaying examples of fonts, and other applications involving text where the use of all letters in the alphabet is desired.
Dozens of other newspapers published the phrase over the next few months, all using the version of the sentence starting with "A" rather than "The".[3] The earliest known use of the phrase starting with "The" is from the 1888 book Illustrative Shorthand by Linda Bronson.
Being human makes us susceptible to the onset of feelings. The role of these emotions varies. Some of them are useful while others may be harmful. The use of social media for self-expression has reached a point that it makes us feel we can say anything. This begins when we see people expressing anything and everything that come to mind. When we see everyone else voicing their likes and dislikes, their irritations and desires we tend to imitate what they do. And because many engage in this, we think that it is normal and healthy. However, when we get used to unbridled self-expression, we come to believe that all feelings are valid. We become convinced that in real life, we should also act on our emotions and our impulses. Using social media this way erodes our ability to regulate our actions and reactions. To illustrate, when something small irritates us we think that it's okay to feel this way. But isn't it better to foster one's patience and resilience instead of immediately complaining? Or when we develop an attraction to someone despite that person being in a relationship, and because social media has conditioned us that all feelings can be expressed, we tend to think that acting on this attraction is okay. Not all feelings deserve expression. We find ourselves creating our own problems when we let our present emotions control our actions.
Today, historians relate that, as a general rule, buying and selling securities was very much unorganized before the year 1792. Every person who owned a security faced the problem of finding interested buyers who might consider the purchase of a debt-free investment. This meant most people were somewhat slow in investing in stocks and bonds because these securities could not readily be converted into money. We have been told that an interesting number of traders and merchants agreed to try to do something to help correct the situation. At this first crucial meeting, they decided that it was a good idea to visit regularly on a daily basis to buy and sell securities. The group of leaders, whose meeting place was under an old, tall cottonwood tree, found the needed time to plot the financial future of our nation. We know from reading the old records that the original team who met together long ago in May became the very first members of the New York Stock Exchange. The New York Stock Exchange is still operating. Other stock exchanges conduct business in many countries around the world. Thousands and thousands of stocks and bonds are bought and sold each day.

