Words are longer and numbers are added. 
My favorite numbers are 1, 2, 3, 4 and maybe sometimes 5. 
The sandwich was 12 inches long. 
Typing takes about 9 weeks to really get good at doing. 
Sometimes sentences that end with at seem weird and. 
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
There are many idiosyncratic typing styles in between novice-style 'hunt and peck' and touch typing. For example, many 'hunt and peck' typists have the keyboard layout memorized and are able to type while focusing their gaze on the screen. Some use just two fingers, while others use 3-6 fingers. Some use their fingers very consistently, with the same finger being used to type the same character every time, while others vary the way they use their fingers.
Many touch typists also use keyboard shortcuts or hotkeys when typing on a computer. This allows them to edit their document without having to take their hands off the keyboard to use a mouse. An example of a keyboard shortcut is pressing the Ctrl key plus the S key to save a document as they type, or the Ctrl key plus the Z key to undo a mistake. Many experienced typists can feel or sense when they have made an error and can hit the Backspace key and make the correction with no increase in time between keystrokes.
A transcription service is a business which converts speech (either live or recorded) into a written or electronic text document. Transcription services are often provided for business, legal, or medical purposes. The most common type of transcription is from a spoken-language source into text such as a computer file suitable for printing as a document such as a report. Common examples are the proceedings of a court hearing such as a criminal trial (by a court reporter) or a physician's recorded voice notes (medical transcription).
Two common terms used to describe a salesperson are 'Farmer' and 'Hunter'. The reality is that most professional salespeople have a little of both. A hunter is often associated with aggressive personalities who use aggressive sales technique. In terms of sales methodology, a hunter refers to a person whose focus is on bringing in and closing deals. This process is called 'sales capturing'. An example is a commodity sale such as a long distance salesperson, shoe salesperson and to a degree a car salesperson. Their job is to find and convert buyers. A sales farmer is someone who creates sales demand through activities that directly influence and alter the buying process.

